{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh17520\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Night Fight\
The green queen Dialog:\
\
N: Who the hell are YOU?\
Don't try to play me, I can tell, you are not from around "Concrete Street". No scars, no bruises, no smeares, no limping \'85 just beauty at ease, and a child's naivity. You stick out like a glass of milk in the bar. So what's your name, darling?\
\
Y: <Name fighter input>\
\
N: <Name>? Well I've heard more frightening names.\
And what is it, that led you to this nasty place? You do know, where you are, right? You are in "Concrete Street". A bad place. An unsafe place. Especially for someone as pretty as you. You should turn on your toes, and sneak away, my little mouse, before someone not quite as friendly as me spots you.\
\
Y: I can look after myself, don\'92t worry. And you\'92ll feel it firsthand if you make fun of my name one more time.\
\
N: Ah yeah, you are a clone, right? I thought as much. I heard, that your people are quite touchy with names and stuff like that.\
\
Y: So why do you play with fire then?\
\
N: Alright sorry! You\'92ve got quite the temper \'85 So can you tell me now, what you are here for? I thought clones are created for military uses?\
\
Y: Pha! You don\'92t honestly think I would accept someone else\'92s control of myself? I left with a bang, and am an outlaw now. So what better place to go than this?\
\
N: That\'92s true. Well, now that you\'92re here, what\'92s next?\
\
Y: Well what do you think? I was born to kill. I came to fight in the night. I came to rock the block. I\'92ll enter the ring, and leave with gold and fame, and I won\'92t leave before everyone knows my name: \'84The one and only! The green queen! <Name>.\'93\
\
N: Oh really? Well what\'92s so spezial about you? There are other clones as well in \'84Concrete Street\'93, that fight for fame.\
\
Y: Never compare me to anyone, especially to a sibling. Don\'92t you dare. I\'92m unique, never question it.\
\
I\'92ll tell you what I can cause! <Charakter fields setting>}